we came across from the west coast of
America just for this well we came from
Belgium with our Brunton's obviously the
sunglasses didn't work today but it
keeps the rain out of your eyes as well
so it's pretty good I came from New York
City just have fun so I think that's the
most important thing if I went through
that we break there is so much rain
coming down but as you can see the
brompton user doesn't care rain or shine
here they are in their hundreds we are
the Mitchell Family and we're coming
from Belgium from Brussels love crying
my pocket and I write it to every day to
school it's just such a fun event every
rule I brompton people coming together
just having lots of fun really we came
from Barcelona we're going to have great
fun and try to win the the team cool old
I'll just pedal round as normal and
hoping I'm under half an hour I don't
intend to get to breathless I have a
cigarette at the end of it it's such a
popular event it feels incredibly fast
within 48 hours the event were
two-thirds full it was just an
incredible response so people are
extremely keen they're very passionate
they really want to be involved
beautiful isn't it sort of alien voice
meant from the boys no boys here I tell
you what I'm even can even evel knievel
only rides on one wheel probably trying
to the whole thing several small
wheelies Luke together to form one big
wheelie make part of the brompton racing
hoping to get ourselves a good result
and not end up on the deck really
hi
[Music]
it stands here you see them going around
you see the look on their face they've
got their game face on people aren't
slowing down the not give any quarter
there's a bit of our ji bhaji going on
yeah it's a you can ask feeling better
windy wet scratch slipper in our places
is tough it was really good we started
in the second group I think we've got
having gone past Oh we'll see the time
with it being a bit slippery there's
some bits or a bit we're a little bit
greasy so you had to be careful very
fast very dangerous but I love danger
but I've ripped my favorite sunday
trousers should have tucked them in it's
just one big team it's one big family
and just a real celebration hard but
really worth it probably the highlight
of my cycling career to common news
conditions and have that many people but
I know sorry but not nice for everybody
but just battled on and that would have
to do so I'm just elated don't come here
people just love drum tins and it's just
a fantastic event I'd love this event
you